The great thing about self-medicating is there is a low co-pay.
Oh, you do it that way, do you?
I am sorry - when you said 'bad' cop, I assumed you meant incompetent.
So it is not the desperadoes - it is me.
I identify with shorter lines.
Who wants to help me with the fireworks this year?
I cannot believe their flag is not even wearing a flag pin.
I am sure your parents will not mind us using white flour. We are making paste.
I am just a gigantic starfish endowed with the gift of speech, not a miracle worker.
Warning: Keep back 100 ft. Not responsible for damage to vehicles.
Dog insomnia: Where is the ball? Where is the ball?
If You are ever granted three wishes, Do not blow them all on a giant potato body with tiny arms and legs.
Meticulously prepared, locally sourced food, served on artifacts of a romanticized industrial past, by people who take their fashion cues from daguerreotypes, to adults whose parents still pay their rent.
Your room is exactly how you left it before you went to college, except, of course, for our boarder, Mr. Grunze.
O.K., Peter, time to go.
Uh-oh.
Is it starting to feel like mission creep?
This is for anyone on the panel - how can I be up there instead of down here?
When we play the footage backward, it will look like you are repairing it.
I am halfway to my goal.
Obviously, some people here do not appreciate the gravity of our situation.
It is perfect for starting a family.
You know, if we did not walk this way we might get close enough to eat someone.
It started out as my itemized deductions, but it is turned into a novel.
Ok, but what do I do with someone who is not choking?
They are such a nice couple - we should really see them more often. I Do not mean that literally, of course.
He is still quite handsome, despite what happened.
Now I have a question for you.
But first we are going to watch your phone die.
I have become so good at dating - relationships that used to take months now last a matter of days.
That is the racist bone in your body you claimed you did not have.
Be a darling and bring the seltzer when you come.
I doubt that a children's book about beer would sell.
The little pig with the portfolio of straw and the little pig with the portfolio of sticks were swallowed up, but the little pig with the portfolio of bricks withstood the dip in the market.
Dumbledore smiled, his eyes twinkling.
Little red riding carpet.
Excuse me, may I see your invitation?
I thought it had a pretty good story and interesting characters, but I really did not like the font.
We are in the bears' house. Coldilocks has just eaten a bowl of porridge. Papa Bear enters.
Moby-Dick? Again?
You are supposed to point the pop-ups at the kid!
Yes, but what I really want to do is write children's books.
It is more than one kid. You better cut the watermelon into pieces.
I have been thinking, maybe you would like to keep some of your rocks here in my cave. 
Are these the Top Ten Commandments?
I cannot give you a raise, but I can give you this "Also Participated" ribbon.
But counting sheep makes me hungry.
Why are these things always such pathetic kitsch?
And someone has stolen my identity.
On your head, Sire.
I had to do it, Jeb. He was grilling zucchini.
Home is the place where, when you go there, they have to take you in - unless they have moved to a one-bedroom condo in Boca Raton.
Is there an ex-wife somewhere in there?
Damn, I forgot to get her kugel recipe.
The first jackass of Spring.
Oh, sorry, wrong cubicle.
The guy in the next apartment is a big-game hunter.
It is the Singularity - the machines are taking over.
O.K., Mom, I am off the plane. I will call you when I check into the hotel, and when I check out of the hotel, when I get on the plane home, and when I get off of the plane home, and I will call you when I am in the driveway. Glad You are not worrying.
This late news item. The ugly rumors that I have been secretly dating a news director at another network have proved to be true, and, starting Monday, I will be anchoring the "Early Evening Report" on Channel Six.
Will that be all, sir?
If we become friends now, in twently years we can say we have been friends for that long.
You are a demanding little chap. The nearest telephone is in the next century.
Next we will turn to the issue of who will be tougher on terrorism.
And as you can see, my beautiful assistant has disappeared... months ago... with my brother.
I would never say this if Matt were not in a text trance, but I am having a fling with our FreshDirect guy.
CCTV: The outtakes.
Please read back that last remark in a more murdery voice.
For a militia, He is not very well regulated.
Kids! No watching Bobby Flay before Mommy cooks dinner.
Which is more ancient - our chants or "Piano Man"?
Russia's always bigger than you think.
Is there anything else I can do wrong for you?
They are harmless when They are alone, but get a bunch of them together with a research grant and watch out.
He looks so natural.
Do not let it slam.
That is my uncle Peter - notice how the eyes follow your breasts wherever you go.
And Do not come back until you have connected the dots properly.
Your best cholesterol lacks all conviction, and your worst is full of passionate intensity.
He is not seeing anyone right now, due to the curvature of the earth.
And for an extra fourteen hundred dollars I will stop touching your arm.
Nice - but I thought we were transmuting base metal into gold.
I do support your right to free speech - I just Do not support your tone.
Take it easy, Billy. I am just gonna give her a treat.
Never get a tattoo when You are drunk and hungry.
Do you have anything that does not scream divine right?
Have you seen his sippy skull?
Trust me, You are going to be very happy you brought along legal representation.
The home of the bottomless martini
Ignore him - he hates everyone I haul in for questioning.
I love how you play them against each other.
